






Achieve Marketing Success by Partnering with Deep Sync

Decades of Industry Leadership and Innovation. Powerful Hygiene, Enrichment, and Identity Solutions. Deterministic Audiences.
Privacy-Safe and Future-Focused Solutions.

Deep Sync is the industry leader in deterministic identity. Leveraging our 35-year foundation of compiling direct mail-grade datasets, Deep Sync develops data-first technologies that power marketing, measurement, AI, and business intelligence for agencies and brands with our fully deterministic identity graph, privacy-first audiences, comprehensive data solutions, and integrations with leading platforms and cloud providers.

How Can Deep Sync Help You?
Call 888-970-7248 or email connect@deepsync.com for personalized recommendations on identifying, targeting, and engaging your desired audiences across channels.














Our identity graph is built from the ground up on a foundation oSfimdiprelicftymthaeil-cgurasdtoempesrsoocniaall
media ainufdoiremnacteiocnreation
process using our chat bot


Our compilation methodologies are anchored by highly exclusive postal data updates on a national scale


Our access to data and extensive industry partnerships enables us to activate audiences with ease



Achieve Marketing Success by Partnering with Deep Sync	DEEP S Y NC 





An Independent Partner
Deep Sync is an independent company, not agency owned, and available to work with a wide variety of partners and customers alike. Many of our valued client relationships have spanned decades, and our base features a high rate of return customers.

An Industry Leader
Our data powers roughly 5% of all U.S. mail sent annually. In addition to being a trusted provider of data to agencies and brands alike, Deep Sync licenses our own data assets to many of the nation's leading data providers to enhance their own compilations.

Longevity & History
We have a rich, multi-decade history in building highly accurate, scalable data assets across a variety of audiences, including our consumer dataset with more than 260 million U.S. consumers. Our origins were in direct mail-grade data, where accuracy and quality were required for successful campaigns.

Industry-Leading Deterministic Identity Graph
At the core of Deep Sync's identity graph is our proprietary identity spine, a highly accurate, deterministic offline identity asset that recognizes people and households across the United States. Our identity spine, which leverages a fully deterministic postal truth set, enables us to connect omnichannel views of consumers through the use of offline personal information linked to digital identifiers.

Privacy & Compliance
Strict federal and state-level privacy compliance is observed. Opt-outs are accepted and processed from consumers in all states, not only those where required by law. We treat all opt-outs as full "Do Not Sell" requests across all supported advertising types/channels, including targeting, cross-contextual advertising, profiling, and automated decision making.

Data When & Where It's Needed
Deep Sync enables convenient access to our comprehensive suite of data and identity solutions in the cloud where you store your data, via our
self-service tools, or through a member of the highly-tenured Deep Sync team. Our clients experience true cross-channel access with online, offline, and cloud-based offerings.

Explore Deep Sync's Robust Capabilities
Deep Sync connects offline and online marketing to enable one-to-one communications with your desired audiences.

• Cross-Channel Audiences
• Digital Marketing Audiences on Demand
• Custom Audience Creation
• Syndicated Audiences in Leading Data Marketplaces and Digital Platforms
• Data Hygiene Services
• Data Enhancement Services
• Offline-to-Online Identity Resolution
• Lookalike Audiences
• Predictive Modeling
• Integrations with Leading Cloud Platforms, Including Native Applications


